Group-2---Natural-Capital-Project
=================================
The National Capital Project (NatCap) examines the major decisions that are made with environmental issues and see how they affect not only the environment but human well-being (“About NatCap”). The Main goal is to enhance biodiversity and human well-being. They examine the world through models and maps ("About NatCap").  Who they are Appears to mostly be a collaboration between Stanford and the University of Minnesota while the Governing Committee of the strategic advisory board currently is comprised of individuals representing each of the partner organizations and appointed by the presidents of The Nature Conservancy (TNC), World Wildlife Fund (WWF), Stanford University, and the University of Minnesota; and the Managing Director Models Collaborators NatCap has 4 core partners (one of them is the World Wildlife Fund) and 31 collaborators including the NOAA ("Strategic Advisors"). Current projects include areas in Latin America, California, New England, China, Colombia, and Mozambique and NatCap has completed projects in Borneo, Hawai’i, Indonesia, Tanzania, and Canada ("About NatCap"). 
The people behind the Natural Capital Project are a group of scientists and group leaders from The Nature Conservancy, World Wildlife Fund, Stanford, and the University of Minnesota. Teams called strategic advisors and collaborators are made up from these four partner organizations and many more. The Strategic Advisors guide the Natural Capital Project through an Advisory Board and a Governing Committee. These advisors overlook strategies on fiscal matters. More specifically the Governing Committee overlooks topics such as the budgets, fundraising plans, and the Managing Director ("Strategic Advisors"). The Governing Committee is comprised of individuals that are representatives of the partner organizations, along with the organizations mentioned before, the ARCOS Network, the Institute of Mountain Hazards and Environment, and West Coast Aquatic are just some of the many organizations partnered with the Natural Capital Project ("Strategic Advisors"). The directors of the Natural Capital Project are extremely important because they set the foundation of the project relying on their extensive experience in environmental studies. There are seven directors listed for NatCap. Gretchen Daily, Lewis Gilbert, Jon Hoekstra, Peter Kareiva, Steve Polasky, Taylor Ricketts, and Mary Ruckelshaus ("People"). Gretchen Daily is a Biology professor at Stanford Woods Institute for the Environment and is one of the founders of NatCap ("Stanford Woods Institute for the Environment"). She has over 200 published scientific articles as well as writing two books over economic conservation ("People"). Lewis Gilbert is the managing director and chief operation officer for the Institute on the Environment at the University of Minnesota and he had helped create the International Research Institute which is for climate prediction, integration of CIESIN into the Earth Institute, created the Wisconsin Initiative which looks at climate impacts, and helped shape the Wildlife Data Integration Network ("People"). Jon Hoekstra leads WWF’s Conservation Science Program and was a senior scientist and science director at The Nature Conservancy and has used his skills at the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service and NOAA's National Marine Fisheries Service ("People"). Peter Kareiva is the co-founder of NatCap and is currently the chief scientist at Nature Conservancy and studied NOAA fisheries and served as director for a major fishery ("People"). Steve Polasky at the University of Minnesota teaches ecology and environmental economics while also leading the environmental service mapping and valuation effort for NatCap while today he serves on the Environmental Economics Advisory Committee and the Committee on Valuing the Protection of Ecological Systems and Services for the Science Advisory Board of U.S. ("People"). Taylor Ricketts co-founded the Natural Capital Project and is a senior at WWF and he now is Gund Professor and Director of the Gund Institute for Ecological Economics at the University of Vermont and influenced the WWF conservation program for about nine years ("People").  Mary Ruckelshaus manages work at NatCap is included hiring employees, direction and plans,and fundraising for the company ("People"). She was Chief Scientist for the Puget Sound Partnership, which is institution which helps with recovery of aquatics. All these people show how much experience and knowledge the team has and how the team is comprised of very well respected professionals.
Sources:
"Partners." Natural Capital Project. N.p., n.d. Web. 21 Oct. 2014. http://www.naturalcapitalproject.org/people/collaborators.html. 
"People." Natural Capital Project -. N.p., n.d. Web. 21 Oct. 2014. http://www.naturalcapitalproject.org/people.html. 
"Strategic Advisors." Natural Capital Project -. N.p., n.d. Web. 21 Oct. 2014. http://www.naturalcapitalproject.org/people/advisors.html.
"About NatCap." Natural Capital Project. N.p., n.d. Web. 21 Oct. 2014. http://www.naturalcapitalproject.org/about.html
"Stanford Woods Institute for the Environment." Gretchen Daily. N.p., n.d. Web. 28 Oct. 2014. https://woods.stanford.edu/about/woods-faculty/gretchen-daily



